c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe.config
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Ben\Documents\GitHub\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.exe
C:\Users\Ziegenkonig\Documents\Programming\DiscordBots\DiscordTriviaBot\DiscordTriviaBot\obj\Debug\DiscordTriviaBot.pdb
